Charts: update the 'Load Data On Demand' demo description (#1896)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/LoadDataOnDemand/description.md

In this demo, the [range area](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Charts/RangeArea/) Chart loads data as you pan it. Once the component loads a data block, this data stays in memory to reduce requests to the server. To implement this functionality, do the following:

1. Configure a data source.

    - Assign a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) with an empty [store](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/store/) to the Chart [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource) property.

    - Set the [sort](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#sort) property to `date`.

    - Disable the [paginate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate) property to prevent data from partitioning.

> 2. Configure the Chart to support the data load on demand.

Reviewer: I know it's an ING, but it's the easiest thing I can do here. I could also say "on-demand data load operations", but it's not as straightforward. 

```suggestion
2. Configure the Chart to support on-demand data loading.
```

    - Set the [visualRangeUpdateMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#visualRangeUpdateMode) property to `keep`.

    - Specify a [loadingIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/loadingIndicator/).

    - Specify the initial [visualRange](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/visualRange/).
    

>     - Implement a function that computes the Chart current [visualRange](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/visualRange/). In this function, call a method that checks whether a user changed the visual range.

Reviewer: As I understand, here we handle the control's event that fires when a user pans the chart. If the range changed, we initiate data loading operations. 

```suggestion
    - Implement a function that respond to user pan operations and tracks [visualRange](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/visualRange/) changes. If a user changed the visual range, initiate a request for additional data.
```

3. Implement functions that load the data.

>     - The Chart argument data is days. If users pan the Chart left or right more than half a day, the data starts to load. The `onVisualRangeChanged` method checks this condition, and if the condition is true, the method calls the uploading function.

Reviewer: The argument is "days" only in this demo, so we should mention that we're describing this demo. Because at the beginning you implied that you were going to give generic instructions for on-demand data loading. 

The last sentence kind of repeats what you already said, so I shortened it. 

```suggestion
    - In this demo, Chart displays daily information. If a user pan the Chart left or right more than half a day, additional data starts to load. The `onVisualRangeChanged` initiates this procedure.
```

    - The `getDataFrame` Ajax request gets the new data frame from the server.

>     - The `uploadDataByVisualRange` function takes two arguments: current visual range and the component's instance. This function gets the starting and ending points of the visual range and the bounds of already loaded data and calls the `getDataFrame` function. Then, the `uploadDataByVisualRange` function reloads the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) and updates the visual range.

Reviewer: I would put this item above `getDataFrame`. It continues the narrative of how the control gets data updates. We start with user operation, then we talk about how half a day is enough to trigger an update... so now we need to talk about how an update is actually implemented. If we put `getDataFrame` in the middle, it breaks the narrative. 

```suggestion
    - The `uploadDataByVisualRange` function analyzes the starting and ending points of the visual range and the bounds of already loaded data. If necessary, it calls the `getDataFrame` function to obtain new data points. Finally, it reloads the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) and saves the current visual range.
```
